[SULLIVAN]
Another incompatible one?
[MASK]
No good.
This time, after
implanting the copy,
I tried completely
severing the connection.
But like all the others,
it absorbed Psions
from the sample's blood,
yet then returned instead
of remaining stable inside.
[SULLIVAN] Then even
with the right attributes,
if they lack strong desires,
they can't become like us.
[MASK] Are there truly people
who have no desires?
[SULLIVAN] You're saying
there's another factor at play?
[MASK] In order to get
to the bottom of that,
we'll need more samples.
♪
[Student A] "Bizarre killings",
they're saying...
[STUDENT B] I hear the
bodies are drained of blood.
[STUDENT A ] Are we sure
they weren't just anemic?
You alright, there, Leo?
It's rare to see you yawning.
Yeah, well, I was up
pretty late last night.
What's up, Tatsuya?
[ERIKA giggles]
Did you see the news yesterday?
Do you mean that thing
about the "vampire"?
[ERIKA]
Mm‐hm.
See, here's the theory
I've been leaning towards.
Instead of the organ trade,
it's something even worse!
An illegal "blood trade."
So, ten percent of
the victims' blood
is drained from them, right?
My question:
why are they only taking that
ten percent of the blood?
Murder probably isn't
the intention.
It's more likely they want
to keep the victims alive,
and use them as
plasma factories.
But if that were the case,
they wouldn't have simply
abandoned the
bodies all over town.
Besides, there are no
wounds on the bodies
where blood was drawn.
[ERIKA sighs]
Yeah, good point.
You're right.
It is strange that the bodies
have no wounds on them.
Maybe it's like they're saying
on TV, that it's the work
of the occult, or maybe
some supernatural being.
The work of the occult.
How intriguing...
Mikihiko, what's your
opinion on this?
Is a kind of demon or
monster responsible?
[MIKIHIKO] Hm... I, for sure,
don't believe a normal human
is behind it, but still...
...I can't rule it out.
Oh, speaking of the occult,
'til just a century ago, that's
what magic was considered to be,
and condemned as such.
Hey! Do you think these
crimes are being committed
by a magician?
[gasps]
[TATSUYA] We can't
dismiss that possibility.
Oh, please not that.
Like, with the humanists.
There's this trending idea to
expunge magicians from society,
and I don't want it
to gain any popularity.
Well, that's odd.
Has anyone seen Lina?
Oh, did you not hear?
There was an urgent matter
at home that she needed
to take care of immediately,
so she's absent today.
[TATSUYA]
Hm?
[ERIKA]
Hey, that reminds me!
Do you know how Shizuku
is doing, Honoka?
Well, I talked to her
on the phone again
for a bit last night...
...and she was stunned by news
of the vampire
serial murders too.
She told me that there
were also similar cases
happening over in America.
Huh? That's crazy, really?!
[HONOKA] Yeah. Not on the
West Coast where Shizuku is,
but in the Dallas, Texas area.
One of the biggest cities
in the American South.
First I've heard of that.
She didn't see it on the news.
Another exchange student was
the one who told her about it.
[TATSUYA]
Oh, I see.
[Q, R panting]
[SILVIA]
Silvia here.
Chaser Q, Chaser R, report.
[Q] Now tracking,
westbound towards Shibuya.
[computer beeps]
[SILVIA]
Hold on. Picking up a response.
Target in an empty lot
500 meters ahead of you.
Showing one person.
Use pincer tactic.
[Q, R]
Roger.
[Q]
I'll take the right.
[R]
Roger.
[MASK]
Military tails are closing in.
[SULLIVAN]
I'm aware.
Just two Stardust
members in pursuit.
They're taking me lightly.
[MASK] Because they only
know your former incarnation.
[SULLIVAN]
That makes sense.
If they only know me as a
Satellite‐Class magician,
then I can already imagine what
they're planning to try with me.
I won't need backup.
Demos Second, wanted fugitive.
Put your hands up with
your fingers apart.
We had strict orders
to eliminate you
as soon as we located you.
However, if you
provide us information
on the other fugitives,
we're authorized to bring
you in alive and unharmed.
You have exactly ten
seconds to think about it.
[SULLIVAN]
That won't be necessary.
[Q, R gasp]
[SULLIVAN] You two can't
possibly kill me.
[R gasps]
[Q gasps] Trajectory
distortion Alteration?!
Why isn't the
Cast Jammer working?
[SULLIVAN] I assure you
there's nothing wrong
with the Cast Jammer.
[SULLIVAN]
Unfortunately for you,
it's simply that I no longer
have a need for a CAD.
[gasps]
[SULLIVAN]
Hm...
[grunts]
[Q gasps] You can change the
trajectory of my knife?!
Since when were you capable
of such powerful magic?!
[SULLIVAN]
Don't you get it, yet?
I'm not the same
man I was before.
Bull!
[SULLIVAN chuckles]
[grunts]
[SULLIVAN]
Hm.
[Q grunts]
You're gonna die!
[R gasps]
[SULLIVAN]
Hm!
Vector reflection spell!
This power...
Angie Sirius?!
[SULLIVAN grunts]
[ANGIE grunts]
[gasps]
[ANGIE]
The Psionic wave pattern...
[buzzing]
[LEO]
Hm? Huh?
Mm?
Huh? Hey, are you okay?
[LEO grunts]
[buzzing]
[gasps]
Dammit, that hurt!
[LEO] You must be wearing carbon
armor under that coat, huh?
Makes all the difference,
for sure.
[LEO]
Panzer!
[LEO grunts]
[gasps]
[LEO] What the...?
I feel so... weak...
[LEO]
Not today!
[shouts]
[MASK groans]
[LEO grunts]
[LEO] Seems that single
punch was effective,
but... it wasn't
enough for a knock out!
[grunts]
[LEO]
Huh?
[gasps]
[ANGIE gasps] Cast Jamming?!
No, it can't be...
[SILVIA]
Major, what's wrong?!
[gasps]
[ANGIE]
I lost sight of the subject.
Everyone got here quickly!
Heh. I'm embarrassed that you
guys saw me at my lamest.
Hey, you went
through the wringer.
And, I mean... you don't
look physically injured,
so what happened
out there?
I don't really know. I'm still
trying to figure that out.
We were trading punches
and then all of a sudden,
I was weak as a kitten.
But Erika's big brother,
whose a cop,
found me passed out on the
ground, which was lucky for me.
[ERIKA]
Mm!
And you're sure that
it wasn't poison
that knocked you out, right?
Uh‐huh. My blood test
came back negative.
Did you get a clear
look at your opponent?
[LEO] Mm... I saw them,
but I wouldn't say 'clearly'.
[LEO] They wore a
hat pulled down low,
and a white mask.
Also a long coat,
and under that, full body armor.
So on looks and body type,
I'm useless.
Although... I have a weird
feeling it was a woman.
Wait. A woman matched you
swing for swing in a fistfight?
Are you serious?
Excuse me, but women
are strong as hell.
Even an elementary school
girl could strangle a big man
to death if she
drugged him first.
Yeah, that's true.
But, still.
Let's consider the possibility
that she wasn't a normal human.
Are you saying you
know something about it?
[MIKIHIKO]
Hm...
I think Leo may have had an
encounter with a Parasite.
What are you talking about?
You mean like a worm?
Paranormal Parasite.
A supernatural predator.
Or just Parasite, for short.
A ghost, evil spirit,
djinn, demon.
Known all over the
world by various names,
in multiple incarnations.
But essentially, they're all
evil beings that latch onto
humans and turn
them into something else.
[TATSUYA] Is that what the
"vampire" really is?
[MIKIHIKO]
Leo.
Uh, huh?
Do you mind if I take a look
at your ethereal body?
It'll only take a moment.
What's that?
[MIKIHIKO]
It's your spirit energy.
The embodiment of life force.
The monsters that
eat human flesh,
absorb spirit energy through
the blood and meat,
and that nourishes the creature.
That's the theory.
It's common knowledge that
vampires drink blood to survive,
but I'm curious if it's
actually the spirit energy
they absorb with
it that they need.
Yes. Although, if we're
talking non‐physical creatures,
all they should need is
just the spirit energy.
Ah, I see. So it wouldn't
be crazy to have vampires
that only live off
of spirit energy.
If Leo lets me examine
his ethreal body,
I should be able to see
what was done to him.
If I'm being honest,
right from the beginning,
I never thought these
vampire attacks were just
a series of bizarre,
random murders.
That's what my intuition
as a practitioner
of Ancient Magic told me.
It's just... that until now,
I had no proof.
So I chose not to bring
the Parasites up before.
But because of my reticence,
Leo was attacked.
[LEO]
I'm in.
Let's do it, Mikihiko.
Are you sure?
Yeah! Scrutinize me
all you like.
[MIKIHIKO grunts]
[LEO]
Hm.
Did you find anything?
Uh, Leo?
Are you... an actual human?
Well, jeez.
That's an interesting
conclusion to draw.
Oh, all I mean by that is,
if a normal person lost
that much energy,
there's zero question they would
be totally comatose right now.
But the fact that you
can sit up and talk,
enthusiastically even,
indicates an impressively
high level of fortitude.
[LEO]
Mm. Not to brag,
but my body's made of
some pretty strong stuff.
So... we're saying I lost
my strength last night
because the masked woman
leeched my spirit energy
when we fought.
Is that the gest of it?
I think so.
However...
if she could absorb it
merely by touching you,
she shouldn't have
needed your blood.
So why did this Parasite go
to the trouble of draining it,
when that was both
extra time and risk?
So is Leo going to be all right?
I'm worried about him.
I hope he'll be able
to recover quickly.
Mikihiko.
[MIKIHIKO]
Mm?
I forgot to ask
you this before.
But are these Parasites
really that common?
Given what we know,
that doesn't track.
No. You're right.
They seldom appear.
But we're still fairly
certain about the verdict.
That this demon is responsible
for the vampire murders, right?
[MIKIHIKO]
I believe so.
Do you think it's a coincidence?
Indeed, historically, the closer
to the modern age you go,
the frequency of demon sightings
decreases a great deal.
It's a stretch to assume these
murders are just scattershot.
They're dripping with purpose.
[ERIKA] Well, I know the truth
about this crazy situation.
[LEO breathes deeply]
[ERIKA]
You're a real trooper, you know.
Heh. A genuine compliment
from you. I'll take it.
[ERIKA]
And I meant it. Honestly.
Hey, Bro!
[TOSHIKAZU]
Hm?
[ERIKA] You were listening
to all that, weren't you?
Yes, and it was fascinating,
every word of it.
So, if Yoshida's second son's
hypothesis is correct, then...
...what happens now?
In this situation, being right
or wrong doesn't matter.
Even if it's only
for a short time,
anyone who steps through the
Chiba gate is one of ours.
And I'm the one who
taught the basics
of that specific technique.
We're talking my disciple here,
so I can't stand around
and do nothing.
That's a reason
without any romance.
It doesn't need romance.
I don't know if this vampire
is a man or woman,
but if it wants a fight,
I'll give it one.
Report, please,
and try to make it fast.
Yes... of course.
So, right after cornering
Demos Second,
we then used a Cast Jammer
to block off his CAD.
But... it didn't work on him.
He withstood it easily.
[gasps] Are you saying that
the Caster Jammer was broken?
[Q]
No, it operated normally.
However, Demos Second told us...
...that he no longer had a
need for his C. A. D. anymore.
He doesn't need CAD anymore...
So what you're telling me,
is that Sergeant Sullivan
became psychic?
That's affirmative, Ma'am.
[ANGIE] But his Psionic wave
properties didn't change, right?
If it had shifted,
I'm positive that both of us
what have noticed it.
While I was pursuing
Sergeant Sullivan...
...I encountered someone who
appeared to be his partner.
Were you not able to
measure that person's
Psionic wave properties?
I'm sorry, Ma'am. We tried.
The only Psionic waves
we could recognize
were those of
Demos Second, and yours.
Is that so?
[ANGIE]
From this day forward,
when we're tracking down a
fugitive, if you can help it,
try to refrain from
engaging with them.
I will be the one to
deal with that part.
[BOTH]
Ma'am, yes ma'am.
[ANGIE] The chasers
weren't able to identify
"White Mask's" Psion waves.
[SILVIA]
Is that so?
It seems the fugitives have all
gained various new abilities.
I really wish I could
just stay like that.
It's easier to maintain Parade,
than it is to outright
hide my magic use.
[LINA]
All that aside,
I wonder why they're
attacking Japanese citizens.
[SILVIA]
I do too.
[LINA]
They're being pursued.
Wouldn't you think that they'd
want to play it carefully,
and stay underground
as much as possible?
I don't have the answer
to that. But, still...
[LINA]
But still... what?
I have a feeling it might be
related to the unusual power
they've gained.
[LINA]
Unusual...
You mean that vampire power
drawing blood without
leaving a wound?
Well, "vampire" might not be
the exact word I'd use, but...
[SILVIA]
Hm?
[SILVIA] Lina?
I'm going to draw the curt‐‐
You mind if I ask
what you're doing?
[LINA gasps]
Oh, this is just...
[SILVIA sighs]
[MAYUMI] The vampire
has attacked a student
at this school.
First year Class E's
Leonhard Saijo.
[KATSUTO]
Yes, I've heard.
[MAYUMI] As far as my family
has been able to determine,
the vampire has left 24
victims in its wake so far,
and that includes Saijo.
[KATSUTO] That's three times
what the media has reported.
And were all of them in Tokyo
as well as the suburbs?
Just the Tokyo metro area,
concentrated in the city center.
So, the police don't know
who all the victims are.
However, the Saegusa
family does...
[gasps]
[KATSUTO] Does that mean one of
the victims is related to you?
[MAYUMI]
Hm! Well, you're half‐right.
The victims that the
police don't know about
are all magicians who've
been assisting us.
Apparently, all the others...
...were already
practicing magicians,
or had magic potential
to be cultivated.
Then, are you saying the
killer is going around
hunting magicians?
Jumonji, please.
You're scaring me.
[KATSUTO gasps]
Sorry.
[MAYUMI] But anyway, yes,
I think it's safe for us to say
it's magicians the vampire
is targeting specifically.
If the killer has the power
to harm Saegusa magicians,
then it's most likely
an super soldier
or another magician doing it.
Furthermore, odds are the
killer is a foreigner.
Have there been any suspicious
foreigners who have
entered the country around
the time the killings started?
Good question.
There are quite a few overseas
student magicians as well as
magic technicians from the
USNA in Japan right now.
We have one exchange student
currently here at
our school, too.
Tell me, Jumonji. Do you
think she's suspicious?
She's definitely suspicious,
but I doubt she's the killer.
I do feel like she might
be involved somehow.
But for now, I think it's safe
to put her on the back burner.
Oh, and Jumonji,
my father, or rather,
Koichi Saegusa, the head of the
Saegusa family, sends a message.
The Saegusa family
wishes to have an alliance
with the Jumonji family.
[KATSUTO grunts]
After our discussion here,
I have concluded...
...my family cannot
avoid this, either.
We'll cooperate.
♪